Revisit page meta descriptions in Core docs - Closes #738 (#753)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/management/index.adoc

= Management
Mona Bärenfänger <mona@lightcurve.io>

> :description: Links for the guides and references required for the management of Lisk Core.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:description: How to manage Lisk Core. Includes command references for the different Lisk Core distributions and general management related guides, like how to enable forging, or how to control the API access of a Lisk Core node.
```

Author: We should keep the meta descriptions below 160 characters, so as this one is a bit long, I would suggest we re-word it the following "How to manage Lisk Core & the different Lisk Core distributions, management guides, enabling forging, & how to control the API access of a Lisk Core node''

Reviewer: sounds good for me 👍
